Our form has evolved quite a bit.
Now let's say that on the value object we get when we submit the form we want to group some things.
For example we want to group the secret into question answer enter username and e-mail to just have
some structure in our object because we're a very big form.
We might want to have such a structure.
This would also be nice if we could then validate the validity the status of our individual groups of
inputs.
Turns out that's easy to do with the template driven approach here.
On our first group user name and email I already have a wrapping div with the user data here.
Now you can simply place a number directive on it.
The energy model group directive like this and this will now group this into.
Well you guessed it a group of inputs.
However Engy small group needs to be set equal to a string.
So for example user data.
This will be the key name for this group.
So now if I save this with Engy small group added If I ENTRAR value here and here and submit and we
have a look at the value of the form you'll now see that we have a user data field here which holds
a number object where we now have email and user name.
Now not only did we add this extra field in our value we also now have a different set up here in controls
here.
We also now have a user data control with all the properties you know on those controls like valid and
so on.
So if we now simply inspect our criminal code and Dave with the ID user data you'll see that there all
to we got the entry dirth detached and valid classes added.
So what you can now also check D-Va. letter to you Office overall code control you have for example
which might be a nice feature in your form.
You can also get access to the javascript representation by again adding a local rough reference to
the element which holds the ends you model a group directive.
Here for example user data I would be a fitting name and then setting this equal to ngi small group.
So just like we did before with e-mail which was equal to Engy model and now setting this reference
equal to Engy model group to get access to the javascript object.
And this would allow us to for example output a message if this whole group is not valid.
So we could simply output a paragraph your user data is invalid which we add if user data is a local
reference created here.
If user data is not valid.
And let's say it has been touched.
So user data attached is true with dad if this reloads.
You'll see that we don't see any message.
But as soon as I click into one of the fields and then leave it.
You'll see user data as invalid was shown.
So now you really got a very fine grained control over your form with all these tools.